So devices are getting smaller,
more portable.
Devices are getting smarter in general and
stronger, more powerful.
So we're gonna wanna talk
about mobile VoIP and
how the game has kinda
changed because of this.
And then I wanna go into a thing
called EoIP, which is taking VoIP and
just blowing it up and
saying, hey, you know what.
Why just VoIP?
>> Right, why just voice?
Everything over IP.
The whole world is gonna be on
the internet one day, right?
We're just gonna be using networks
to transfer every bit of data.
So everything over IP.
Now, just gonna jog your mind
a little bit more again, but
think about everything mobile.
What do you have that you
take with you everyday?
Your phone, your keys, your wallet,
your purse, I don't know.
Hair ties, necklaces,
jewelry, everything, right?
Now, [COUGH] they're already starting to
turn this stuff into ways to communicate
with each other, the Internet of things.
Applying it to your everyday
mobile devices, wearables,
your Google Glass, your Apple Watch,
smart watches in general, yeah.
[COUGH] Fitbit ways to
monitor your health, right?
[COUGH] I remember when I was
a kid watching Inspector Gadget,
maybe you've seen Inspector Gadget?
>> Of course.
He's great.
>> To call Penny on your watch,
that exists now, crazily enough.
So, someone had to think of that and
someone had to apply to get it done,
but also mobile VoIP can
be applied to business.
So you're a traveling business man and
you have customers.
You have people you need
to get in touch with.
And you're not at your office right now.
You're on the go.
So you can actually carry your VoIP
accounts with you everywhere you go,
so you are essentially a walking office.
Wherever you go, you can root down and
set up and it's like you're anywhere.
In a hotel, maybe you're overseas doing
some work, whatever you wanna do.
So yeah, that being said all this stuff
can be done over many of the Internet
connections.
You have Wi-Fi you have 3G,
your phone you take it out you're calling
in a lot of cases over Wi-Fi using
VoIP broadband clear signal as
long as your Internet's good.
But anyways, so
think of ways that you can apply VoIP or
just in general things to your
everyday life, mobile life, right?
Everything over internet protocol.
We went over that.
We're going to go from not
only machine to machine, or
thing to thing, but we're going
fro human to thing to computer to.
>> To whatever.
>> To whatever, yeah.
It's everything.
Yeah.
Anyways, i hope you enjoyed that.
[LAUGH] Kind of ranted a little bit.
>> It's fine.
>> Yeah.
>> Very informative.
>> Yeah, so just having fun.
That's the whole idea,
having fun with what you're doing.
So, I hope you take these ideas,
and make something amazing.
I look forward to hearing from
all of you on the discussions.
We look forward to helping you if you
need help or just having a quick chat.
So yeah,
we'll see you in the next course where
we're gonna go over multimedia, right?
>> Yep.
>> Kinda something similar to the void but
with.
With-
>> Video
>> Multimedia video aspects.
So stay tuned, and
I hope you had a good time.